#summary Generating Data for a Single Gene
#labels Phase-Support

= Generating Data for a Single Gene =

== Filling out the form ==

  # Enter the required gene name into the textbox labelled *Gene Name*.
  # By either manually entering the file path or using the *Browse* button, ensure that the value of the textbox labelled *simplified miRNA file* points to the correct location, containing the simplified miRNA database file.
  # Do the same for the TF database file in the textbox labelled *simplified TF file*.
  # By either manually typing the location or using the *Browse* button, choose the desired output location for the data.
    * *Note:* The location of the miRNA and TF files will be saved once the gene has been added to the queue. Therefore, there is no need to re-enter these locations for each time the program is used, unless the locations have changed.
  # Press *Enter* on your keyboard or click *Add to queue* in order to add the entered details as an entry to the gene queue.

== Managing the gene queue ==

  * Once the gene has been added to the queue, it will appear as a tab below the form buttons.
  * Genes in the queue can be re-ordered by clicking and dragging one of the tabs to the desired location in the queue.
    * *Note:* The genes will be analysed from left to right.
  * Genes in the queue can be removed by clicking on the *X* of the appropriate tab, assuming the gene is not currently being analysed.
  * The different status messages for each queue member can be viewed by clicking on the relevant tab.

== Analysing the gene ==

  # Once the queue has been set up as required, click the *Begin Analysis* button to start the analysis of the leftmost gene in the queue.
    * At each stage of the analysis, status messages will be displayed containing progress information or errors encountered.
  # Once the analysis has completed, a button will appear that opens a window with the generated data.